---
title: 2023 - Week 45 - Ever Onward
postSlug: 2023-week-45
pubDatetime: 2023-11-12T06:15:03.000Z
featured: false
draft: false
tags:
  - saturday-post
description: Wherein I talk about marking 13 years of marriage to Lou, talk about some media consumed, and generally describe the process of the writing this post at the beginning. I think this is rather WIP and I may be back to update it...
---

I've been staring at his blinking cursor for a while trying to figure out how to move get it moving across the screen in a way that doesn't just leave nonsense characters in its wake.

That first sentence seems to have worked out, so I'm taking a crack at another one and so far it's also going pretty well.

Given all the success of the previous writing and the continued movement of the caret ever forward in this text buffer has me believing in myself. I think it's possible to get to writing something more substantive as opposed to blathering on and on about this text's creation and perhaps more about this week of my life, which I consider as the purpose of these posts.

Though it was a week of the same length as they're all known to have, it was a "big" week all the same. It had the same number of minutes and seconds but somehow it felt "larger" for a variety of reasons.

I think I talk a lot about weeks from a size perspective and they often seem "large" to me. Of course, ultimately, they're just weeks filled with events like every other. But all the same they often feel bigger, not exactly progressively, but when compared to weeks that don't "feel big", so to speak.

This week, however, marked the 13th anniversary of the day that people Lou and I were at the time were married.

It's kind of a big deal to have been married this long.

To have done so with the frequency and volume of big weeks that Lou and I have experienced seems like a heck of the milestone as well.

We chose to mark the occasion together on Tuesday, exactly one week to the day from Halloween due to the venue having offered us basically 50% off of the event to do so in their "off season". As a couple of poor kids paying for our own wedding we jumped at the chance.

In those 13 years, as mentioned, Lou and I have experienced a lot. We've had a lot of big weeks. We've grown, changed, matured, and learned- often as a result of fucking up, or observing others' fuck-ups.

We chose to celebrate that day together this year again.

It was a lovely afternoon which led to a wonderful evening.

It, quite honestly, didn't well.

Conversations before, and since, have been better however.

Today we had really nice little "road-trip date" to the ever lovely Port Townsend that was absolutely lovely.

Lou is my human. I am Lou's human.

We're working on us. It's very nice.

Meanwhile, it's getting late after having had such a big day, so I'm going to quickly recapitulate and, perhaps I'll touch things up in a future update.

## Sunday

Sunday was a relatively quiet day. I ran a couple errands in Silverdale, did some chores, and tried to fit in some of that self-care that we all need oh so much.

I watched the first episodes of [Scavenger's Reign](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt21056886/) (S1E1-9) and it's pretty interesting. Lot's of unique and nevel ideas on display. I'm looking forward to seeing the next 3 episodes that have since dropped.

I spent some time feeling nostalgic and traipsing down Memory Lane. Or, as I should rather call it: reflecting.

## Monday

More nostalgia, perhaps.

Watched, somewhat randomly, [Fantastic Mr. Fox](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0432283/).

I spent a little time playing OG Fortnite and also played a bit more of Alan Wake 2, a game in which I'm progressing very slowly as I want to look at everything, soak it all up. Ahti's performance of [YÖTÔN YÕ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UY-QAd-WR8I) in Watery is captivating.

## Tuesday

Tuesday was, as mentioned above, the celebration of 13 years of marriage with the love of my life.

The short version is that we had a nice little date in downtown Bremerton and, I may fill in more details. It was a lovely time, though it didn't end on a high note, it was overall a very good way to mark 13 years with my best friend.

## Wednesday

I don't really have a lot to say about Wednesday this week. I was able to, among other things, spend some "quality" time with the kiddos playing a few games of Fortnite.

Wednesday was, ultimately, a good day

## Thursday

Liz performed with her orchestra class at Bremerton High School and we were able to see 3 different string orchestra classes perform. She did so well. It makes me happy to see her focus and apply herself to learning to play and perform on her violin.

Afterward we got the requisite ice cream as a family.

## Friday

There's not much interesting to talk about for Friday. I watched the S1E1-4 of Better Call Saul, a show I've been meaning to watch for quite some time. It turns out that Lou "watched" the first 3 seasons already and I figured I could start catching up to be able to talk about it with her.

It was a lovely rainy PNW day :)

## Saturday -- Today

Today was a pretty fantastic day.

It began with coffee and quiche from Saboteur. (I'm reminded of the relationship book Lou and I talked about developing that would be titled Quiche and Cuddles IIRC)

We drove up to Port Townsend and spent some time exploring together.

I'd love to fill this day's details in more later, but for now I'm going to cut this post and say that it was a wonderful time, we saw many fantastic things, and I had missed spending time with my friend Lou. :)

---

In conclusion: I'm doing another post, but it's later than I'd like it to be and I might revisit this in the future.

TTFN!
